				                   简单工厂
定义与类型：
	1、定义：由一个工厂对象决定创建出哪一种产品类的实例。
	2、类型：创建型，但不属于GOF23中设计模式。
适用场景：
	1、工厂类负责创建的对象比较少。
	2、客户端（应用层）只知道传入工厂类的参数对于如何创建对象（逻辑）不关心。
优点：
	1、只需要传入一个正确的参数，就可以获取你所需要的对象。而无需知道其创建细节。
缺点：
	1、工厂类的职责相对过重，增加新的产品需要修改工厂类的逻辑判断，违背开闭原则。
	2、无法形成基于继承的等级结构。
	维基百科中：创建型的设计模式。
	Patterns by Type[edit]
	Creational[edit]创建型。
	Main article: Creational pattern
	Creational patterns are ones that create objects, rather than having to instantiate objects directly. This gives the program more flexibility in deciding which objects need to be created for a given case.
	• Abstract factory groups object factories that have a common theme.
	• Builder constructs complex objects by separating construction and representation.
	• Factory method creates objects without specifying the exact class to create.
	• Prototype creates objects by cloning an existing object.
	• Singleton restricts object creation for a class to only one instance.
	Structural[edit]结构型。
	These concern class and object composition. They use inheritance to compose interfaces and define ways to compose objects to obtain new functionality.
	• Adapter allows classes with incompatible interfaces to work together by wrapping its own interface around that of an already existing class.
	• Bridge decouples an abstraction from its implementation so that the two can vary independently.
	• Composite composes zero-or-more similar objects so that they can be manipulated as one object.
	• Decorator dynamically adds/overrides behaviour in an existing method of an object.
	• Facade provides a simplified interface to a large body of code.
	• Flyweight reduces the cost of creating and manipulating a large number of similar objects.
	• Proxy provides a placeholder for another object to control access, reduce cost, and reduce complexity.
	Behavioral[edit]行为型。=
	Most of these design patterns are specifically concerned with communication between objects.
	• Chain of responsibility delegates commands to a chain of processing objects.
	• Command creates objects which encapsulate actions and parameters.
	• Interpreter implements a specialized language.
	• Iterator accesses the elements of an object sequentially without exposing its underlying representation.
	• Mediator allows loose coupling between classes by being the only class that has detailed knowledge of their methods.
	• Memento provides the ability to restore an object to its previous state (undo).
	• Observer is a publish/subscribe pattern which allows a number of observer objects to see an event.
	• State allows an object to alter its behavior when its internal state changes.
	• Strategy allows one of a family of algorithms to be selected on-the-fly at runtime.
	• Template method defines the skeleton of an algorithm as an abstract class, allowing its subclasses to provide concrete behavior.
	• Visitor separates an algorithm from an object structure by moving the hierarchy of methods into one object.
	
	来自 <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Design_Patterns#Patterns_by_Type> 
